My dotfiles

This repository includes my configuration files, it also contains a _Rakefile_ for syncing file.

h2. How It works

Just run rake in the project directory to get configurations for:

* bash
My bash config loads completion files for git and rake. It also contains some personal aliases.
Furthermore, It loads *rvm* and sets a very personal prompt.
* gem
I find very annoying that gem tries to download docs for each gem I try to install so I wrote this little file to speed up gem installations.
* git
My git config contains usual configs, some aliases and personal colours. It also contains a setting to load a global *.gitignore* file.
* irb
It uses *wirble* for colourize itself and *irb history* extension in order to remember previous commands. Furthermore it adds a method to Object to investigate interesting methods of a given object. Finally, it loads a *.rails* file if irb is called as a _rails console_ script. This rails file contains two methods to enable or disable ActiveRecord logger and also requires the *hirb* gem.
* ackrc
My preferences for "ack":http://betterthangrep.com
* Xmodmap
You should "remap":http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?RemapCapsLock caps lock to something useful too.

h2. Copyright

This program is free software. It comes without any warranty,
to the extent permitted by applicable law. You can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the terms of the Do What The Fuck You
Want To Public License, Version 2, as published by Sam Hocevar.
See http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING for more details.
